At this point, if we do a it'll get odds.
We should successfully be able to see our payment service up and running.
So make sure that you see the payment service up and running.
As long as you see that we are good to go.
Before we move on, however, I do want to also mention that we have not yet installed any modules directly
into the payment service on our local machine.
We have added in some modules or dependencies to be installed inside the pod, but remember we also
have to install them on our local machine so that TypeScript has access to all the relevant type definition
files.
So I am going to change into that payments directory.
And then do you npm install?
Very good.
Okay.
Well, that is running.
We're going to go and take a look at a diagram or two just to further understand what the goal of the
payment service is.
So right now, we're going to focus on the different events that we're going to listen for inside the
payment service and the different events that we're going to eventually emit.
In particular, right now in this video, I really want to think about the different events that we
are listening to.
We definitely need our payment service to understand all the different orders that are created inside
of our app and all the changes that are made to those orders.
Over time, a user is going to eventually submit requests to try to pay for a very specific order.
So whenever a user submits a request to pay for an order, we need to understand exactly what order
they are trying to pay for and we need to be able to validate that payment.
We have to make sure that it is the correct user trying to submit the payment.
We have to make sure that the payment is also the correct amount as well.
So we need to think about how we're going to listen for order created and order cancelled and the data
that we're going to replicate from those two events into a replicated orders collection inside a payment
service.
So in total, just looking at this diagram right here related to orders, we definitely need at least
two listeners, one to listen for order created, one to listen for order canceled.
And we also need a mongoose model file as well.
So we're going to first start to work on that order model file, and we're going to define exactly what
an order is inside of our payment service.
Before we go and create that model file, I want to think about what information or what data we are
going to replicate out of these events and store it inside this order's collection.
So let's take a look at a quick diagram.
Okay.
On the left hand side, I've got the order created event and all the different properties that are contained
inside of it.
So we need to think about all these different properties and decide which of these properties we want
to replicate into the orders collection inside of our payment service.
So we'll go through these one by one.
The first property is ID.
Do we need to store the ID of a order that has been created inside of this order's collection, the
payment service?
Well, yes, without a doubt we do.
You might recall that a little bit ago we discussed how it was really important to accurately replicate
IDs for a specific record across different services.
So if we have some ID for an order inside the payment service, that must be the exact same ID as some
order inside the order service.
They have to have the same ID.
Otherwise, we cannot try to find the same record inside both these services.
All right.
So next property status?
Well, we probably want to make sure that we saw the status of an order and update it over time, that
we know when a order can still be paid for and when it gets canceled once an order is canceled, we
definitely do not want to accept any payments for it anymore.
So we need our payment service to store the status of an order that it knows whether or not it should
reject a payment.
Okay.
Next property version.
Well, as usual, we are using this version flag to make sure that we properly process all different
events across our services in the correct order.
So without a doubt, yup.
We want to make sure that we stored the version flag on orders inside of our payment service to make
sure that we process all different events related to an order in the correct order.
Next up, user ID.
So with user ID right here, that's going to tell us who created the actual order inside of our payment
service.
Whenever a user submits a payment, we probably want to make sure that that is the user who originally
created the order.
This is going to make sure that one user cannot pay for another user's order.
So yeah, we should probably make sure that we stored the user ID so that whenever someone tries to
submit a payment, we make sure that it is the correct person.
Now, how about expires?
That expires.
That is going to tell us when a order expires.
And in theory, at that point in time, we should not accept any further payments.
However, we're not going to store expires.
That expires that is really being used by the expiration service is the expiration service that decides
whether or not a order should be marked as expired.
And then that event that eventually gets emitted, the expiration complete event gets processed by the
orders service.
So it's really up to the order service to specifically cancel in order.
And we should not rely upon the payment service to decide whether or not an order is still valid.
So we are not going to store the expires at flag instead to decide whether or not an order is still
valid and can be paid for.
We're going to use the status property right here.
That was the original goal.
That status property, the status property is going to tell us what status and order was in.
Then finally, we've got some information about the ticket.
Do we want to store the ID of the ticket or the price?
Well, for the payment service, we probably don't really care about the ID the ticket at all.
It doesn't really make a difference what ticket we are paying for.
All that really matters is that, well, we are paying for some specific amount, so I don't really
care about any information tied to the ticket around its ID or its title or anything like that.
The only thing we really care about is the price, because that is going to tell us exactly how much
an incoming payment should be for.
So we will just take out the price property and store it along with our order.
That's it.
That's the replicated information that we're going to store around an order inside of our payment service.
ID status version.
User ID price.
So now that we've got these properties put together, quick pause right here and we'll put together
our order model file in the next video.